feat: add plugin `enabled` config option (#504)
mkdocstrings/mkdocstrings: docs/usage.md

- `handlers`: the handlers global configuration.
- `enable_inventory`: whether to enable inventory file generation.
  See [Cross-references to other projects / inventories](#cross-references-to-other-projects-inventories)

> - `enabled` **(New in version 0.20)**: Whether or to enable the plugin. Defaults to `true`. Can be used to reduce build times when doing local deveopment. Especially useful when used with environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enabled` **(New in version 0.20)**: Whether to enable the plugin. Defaults to `true`.
  Can be used to reduce build times when doing local development.
  Especially useful when used with environment variables (see example below).
```

    ```yaml title="mkdocs.yml"
    plugins:
    - mkdocstrings:

>         enabled: !ENV [ENABLE_MKDOCS, True]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        enabled: !ENV [ENABLE_MKDOCSTRINGS, true]
```
